yeah tomorrow man Ravi when the
prosecuting movie shot drag mother no
get ok don't kill my baby up
Sam Bobby you're gonna go up the damn
house to be the chewing we won't get in
there he's up there I know what you hey
see if I asked me to come see us what we
need you know don't do it fast you're
gonna die don't bother oh that's on a
securing a nobody knows about defeat oh
my be kind of close ones got a big ball
right can I lose any good barn p over
the bar come on damn it I gotta spa
nobody knows about the guys at all for
free on silk enjoy a burning this
morning
well that reggae all under your woody
girl we can do a secret a fucking spine
you fucking let them get it back your
piece of shit okay guys oh my god in
your country ass boy fucking haha proof
please thank you oh my god who's he came
off the fee damn it getting all these oh
god be all by my lonesome up in the
other leafy even girls at feat camping
bold can you go camping on the hillside
speedcam bold right now
all
no collar win the ball fake phony p1
without feet see you right after your
heart them I'm hiding they're gonna get
on another flying video see we're
looking bien SI waterfall oh oh
do you know mouth I think we can take
back a right now yo hey was in Venice
Sam Hill are you doing a special we need
to use my way
I'm gonna try please half a mile of
elephants I'm over here damn all the
fucking hitting you with his goddamn
right shoo them off hand oh now we can
hold a and C because we are the best we
are the better we're having confessed we
are the best oh you know what I mean I'm
strong I under party oh my god is good
to see ya